achieve_yes
achieve_yes assent_yes
achieve_yes few_sixltr
achieve_yes has_exclam
achieve_yes has_qmark
achieve_yes high_wps
achieve_yes low_wps
achieve_yes many_sixltr
achieve_yes netspeak_yes
achieve_yes nonflu_yes
achieve_yes power_yes
achieve_yes reward_yes
achieve_yes risk_yes
achieve_yes type_link
achieve_yes type_photo
achieve_yes type_status
achieve_yes type_video
affiliation_yes
affiliation_yes achieve_yes
affiliation_yes assent_yes
affiliation_yes few_sixltr
affiliation_yes has_exclam
affiliation_yes has_qmark
affiliation_yes high_wps
affiliation_yes low_wps
affiliation_yes many_sixltr
affiliation_yes netspeak_yes
affiliation_yes nonflu_yes
affiliation_yes power_yes
affiliation_yes reward_yes
affiliation_yes risk_yes
affiliation_yes type_link
affiliation_yes type_photo
affiliation_yes type_status
anger_yes
anger_yes cause_yes
anger_yes differ_yes
anger_yes insight_yes
anger_yes power_yes
anger_yes sad_yes
anger_yes see_yes
anger_yes tentat_yes
anx_yes
anx_yes anger_yes
anx_yes cause_yes
anx_yes certain_yes
anx_yes discrep_yes
anx_yes insight_yes
anx_yes sad_yes
anx_yes see_yes
assent_yes
assent_yes few_sixltr
assent_yes has_exclam
assent_yes has_qmark
assent_yes high_wps
assent_yes low_wps
assent_yes many_sixltr
assent_yes nonflu_yes
assent_yes type_link
assent_yes type_photo
assent_yes type_status
cause_yes
cause_yes achieve_yes
cause_yes affiliation_yes
cause_yes certain_yes
cause_yes differ_yes
cause_yes discrep_yes
cause_yes feel_yes
cause_yes few_sixltr
cause_yes hear_yes
cause_yes high_wps
cause_yes low_wps
cause_yes many_sixltr
cause_yes netspeak_yes
cause_yes power_yes
cause_yes reward_yes
cause_yes risk_yes
cause_yes see_yes
cause_yes tentat_yes
cause_yes type_link
cause_yes type_photo
certain_yes
certain_yes achieve_yes
certain_yes affiliation_yes
certain_yes differ_yes
certain_yes feel_yes
certain_yes few_sixltr
certain_yes hear_yes
certain_yes low_wps
certain_yes many_sixltr
certain_yes netspeak_yes
certain_yes power_yes
certain_yes reward_yes
certain_yes risk_yes
certain_yes see_yes
differ_yes
differ_yes achieve_yes
differ_yes affiliation_yes
differ_yes feel_yes
differ_yes few_sixltr
differ_yes has_exclam
differ_yes hear_yes
differ_yes low_wps
differ_yes many_sixltr
differ_yes netspeak_yes
differ_yes power_yes
differ_yes reward_yes
differ_yes see_yes
differ_yes type_link
differ_yes type_photo
discrep_yes
discrep_yes achieve_yes
discrep_yes affiliation_yes
discrep_yes certain_yes
discrep_yes differ_yes
discrep_yes feel_yes
discrep_yes hear_yes
discrep_yes netspeak_yes
discrep_yes power_yes
discrep_yes see_yes
discrep_yes tentat_yes
feel_yes
feel_yes achieve_yes
feel_yes affiliation_yes
feel_yes assent_yes
feel_yes few_sixltr
feel_yes low_wps
feel_yes many_sixltr
feel_yes netspeak_yes
feel_yes power_yes
feel_yes reward_yes
feel_yes type_photo
few_sixltr
few_sixltr has_exclam
few_sixltr has_qmark
few_sixltr high_wps
few_sixltr low_wps
few_sixltr type_link
few_sixltr type_photo
few_sixltr type_status
few_sixltr type_video
filler_yes
filler_yes few_sixltr
filler_yes high_wps
filler_yes many_sixltr
has_exclam
has_exclam has_qmark
has_exclam type_link
has_exclam type_photo
has_exclam type_status
has_exclam type_video
has_hashtag
has_hashtag has_url
has_qmark
has_qmark type_link
has_qmark type_photo
has_qmark type_status
has_qmark type_video
has_url
hear_yes
hear_yes achieve_yes
hear_yes affiliation_yes
hear_yes assent_yes
hear_yes feel_yes
hear_yes few_sixltr
hear_yes low_wps
hear_yes many_sixltr
hear_yes netspeak_yes
hear_yes power_yes
hear_yes reward_yes
high_wps
high_wps has_exclam
high_wps has_qmark
high_wps type_link
high_wps type_photo
high_wps type_status
high_wps type_video
insight_yes
insight_yes achieve_yes
insight_yes affiliation_yes
insight_yes cause_yes
insight_yes certain_yes
insight_yes differ_yes
insight_yes discrep_yes
insight_yes feel_yes
insight_yes few_sixltr
insight_yes hear_yes
insight_yes high_wps
insight_yes low_wps
insight_yes many_sixltr
insight_yes netspeak_yes
insight_yes power_yes
insight_yes reward_yes
insight_yes see_yes
insight_yes tentat_yes
insight_yes type_link
insight_yes type_photo
is_analytic_no
is_analytic_no cause_yes
is_analytic_no certain_yes
is_analytic_no feel_yes
is_analytic_no insight_yes
is_analytic_no is_authentic_no
is_analytic_no is_authentic_yes
is_analytic_no is_clout_no
is_analytic_no is_clout_yes
is_analytic_no is_tone_no
is_analytic_no is_tone_yes
is_analytic_no netspeak_yes
is_analytic_no posemo_yes
is_analytic_no power_yes
is_analytic_no see_yes
is_analytic_no tentat_yes
is_authentic_no
is_authentic_no achieve_yes
is_authentic_no affiliation_yes
is_authentic_no cause_yes
is_authentic_no certain_yes
is_authentic_no differ_yes
is_authentic_no discrep_yes
is_authentic_no feel_yes
is_authentic_no few_sixltr
is_authentic_no hear_yes
is_authentic_no insight_yes
is_authentic_no is_tone_no
is_authentic_no is_tone_yes
is_authentic_no low_wps
is_authentic_no many_sixltr
is_authentic_no netspeak_yes
is_authentic_no posemo_yes
is_authentic_no power_yes
is_authentic_no reward_yes
is_authentic_no see_yes
is_authentic_no tentat_yes
is_authentic_no type_photo
is_authentic_yes
is_authentic_yes achieve_yes
is_authentic_yes affiliation_yes
is_authentic_yes cause_yes
is_authentic_yes certain_yes
is_authentic_yes differ_yes
is_authentic_yes discrep_yes
is_authentic_yes feel_yes
is_authentic_yes few_sixltr
is_authentic_yes has_exclam
is_authentic_yes hear_yes
is_authentic_yes insight_yes
is_authentic_yes is_tone_no
is_authentic_yes is_tone_yes
is_authentic_yes low_wps
is_authentic_yes many_sixltr
is_authentic_yes netspeak_yes
is_authentic_yes posemo_yes
is_authentic_yes power_yes
is_authentic_yes reward_yes
is_authentic_yes see_yes
is_authentic_yes tentat_yes
is_authentic_yes type_photo
is_clout_no
is_clout_no cause_yes
is_clout_no certain_yes
is_clout_no differ_yes
is_clout_no insight_yes
is_clout_no is_authentic_no
is_clout_no is_authentic_yes
is_clout_no is_tone_no
is_clout_no is_tone_yes
is_clout_no posemo_yes
is_clout_no see_yes
is_clout_no tentat_yes
is_clout_yes
is_clout_yes achieve_yes
is_clout_yes affiliation_yes
is_clout_yes cause_yes
is_clout_yes certain_yes
is_clout_yes discrep_yes
is_clout_yes few_sixltr
is_clout_yes hear_yes
is_clout_yes insight_yes
is_clout_yes is_authentic_no
is_clout_yes is_authentic_yes
is_clout_yes is_tone_no
is_clout_yes is_tone_yes
is_clout_yes many_sixltr
is_clout_yes netspeak_yes
is_clout_yes posemo_yes
is_clout_yes reward_yes
is_clout_yes see_yes
is_clout_yes tentat_yes
is_tone_no
is_tone_no negemo_yes
is_tone_no posemo_yes
is_tone_yes
is_tone_yes posemo_yes
low_wps
low_wps has_exclam
low_wps has_qmark
low_wps type_link
low_wps type_photo
low_wps type_status
low_wps type_video
many_sixltr
many_sixltr has_exclam
many_sixltr has_qmark
many_sixltr high_wps
many_sixltr low_wps
many_sixltr type_link
many_sixltr type_photo
many_sixltr type_status
many_sixltr type_video
negemo_yes
negemo_yes affiliation_yes
negemo_yes anger_yes
negemo_yes anx_yes
negemo_yes cause_yes
negemo_yes certain_yes
negemo_yes differ_yes
negemo_yes discrep_yes
negemo_yes feel_yes
negemo_yes insight_yes
negemo_yes sad_yes
negemo_yes see_yes
negemo_yes tentat_yes
netspeak_yes
netspeak_yes assent_yes
netspeak_yes few_sixltr
netspeak_yes filler_yes
netspeak_yes has_exclam
netspeak_yes has_qmark
netspeak_yes high_wps
netspeak_yes low_wps
netspeak_yes many_sixltr
netspeak_yes nonflu_yes
netspeak_yes type_link
netspeak_yes type_photo
netspeak_yes type_status
netspeak_yes type_video
nonflu_yes
nonflu_yes few_sixltr
nonflu_yes has_exclam
nonflu_yes has_qmark
nonflu_yes high_wps
nonflu_yes low_wps
nonflu_yes many_sixltr
nonflu_yes type_photo
nonflu_yes type_video
posemo_yes
posemo_yes achieve_yes
posemo_yes affiliation_yes
posemo_yes assent_yes
posemo_yes cause_yes
posemo_yes certain_yes
posemo_yes differ_yes
posemo_yes discrep_yes
posemo_yes feel_yes
posemo_yes few_sixltr
posemo_yes hear_yes
posemo_yes insight_yes
posemo_yes low_wps
posemo_yes many_sixltr
posemo_yes negemo_yes
posemo_yes netspeak_yes
posemo_yes nonflu_yes
posemo_yes power_yes
posemo_yes reward_yes
posemo_yes see_yes
posemo_yes tentat_yes
power_yes
power_yes assent_yes
power_yes few_sixltr
power_yes has_exclam
power_yes has_qmark
power_yes high_wps
power_yes low_wps
power_yes many_sixltr
power_yes netspeak_yes
power_yes nonflu_yes
power_yes reward_yes
power_yes risk_yes
power_yes swear_yes
power_yes type_link
power_yes type_photo
power_yes type_status
power_yes type_video
reward_yes
reward_yes assent_yes
reward_yes few_sixltr
reward_yes has_exclam
reward_yes has_qmark
reward_yes high_wps
reward_yes low_wps
reward_yes many_sixltr
reward_yes netspeak_yes
reward_yes nonflu_yes
reward_yes risk_yes
reward_yes swear_yes
reward_yes type_link
reward_yes type_photo
reward_yes type_status
reward_yes type_video
risk_yes
risk_yes assent_yes
risk_yes few_sixltr
risk_yes has_exclam
risk_yes high_wps
risk_yes low_wps
risk_yes many_sixltr
risk_yes netspeak_yes
risk_yes nonflu_yes
risk_yes type_link
risk_yes type_photo
risk_yes type_status
risk_yes type_video
sad_yes
sad_yes achieve_yes
sad_yes affiliation_yes
sad_yes cause_yes
sad_yes certain_yes
sad_yes differ_yes
sad_yes discrep_yes
sad_yes hear_yes
sad_yes insight_yes
sad_yes power_yes
sad_yes see_yes
sad_yes tentat_yes
see_yes
see_yes achieve_yes
see_yes affiliation_yes
see_yes assent_yes
see_yes feel_yes
see_yes few_sixltr
see_yes has_exclam
see_yes has_qmark
see_yes hear_yes
see_yes high_wps
see_yes low_wps
see_yes many_sixltr
see_yes netspeak_yes
see_yes power_yes
see_yes reward_yes
see_yes risk_yes
see_yes type_link
see_yes type_photo
see_yes type_status
see_yes type_video
swear_yes
swear_yes netspeak_yes
tentat_yes
tentat_yes achieve_yes
tentat_yes affiliation_yes
tentat_yes certain_yes
tentat_yes differ_yes
tentat_yes feel_yes
tentat_yes few_sixltr
tentat_yes hear_yes
tentat_yes high_wps
tentat_yes low_wps
tentat_yes many_sixltr
tentat_yes netspeak_yes
tentat_yes power_yes
tentat_yes reward_yes
tentat_yes see_yes
type_link
type_link has_hashtag
type_link has_url
type_photo
type_photo has_hashtag
type_photo has_url
type_status
type_status has_hashtag
type_status has_url
type_video
type_video has_hashtag
type_video has_url
